=head1 NAME

Test::Directory::Util - Utility for testing file-system directories

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Test::Directory::Util;
  
  my $d = create_directory_for_test({
      'file1.txt' => "\x{5000}\x{5001}\x{5002}",
      'audio/file2.wav' => "\xA1\xA2\xA3\xA4",
  });
  ok -f "$d/$file1.txt";
  ok -f "$d/audio/$file2.wav";

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The C<Test::Directory::Util> module provides a function that would be
useful when writing test cases where file-system directories with
numbers of files are in use.

=head1 FUNCTIONS

The C<Test::Directory::Util> module exports a function by default:

=over 4

=item $d = create_directory_for_test1({NAME => VALUE, NAME => VALUE, ...})

Creates a temporary directory and puts files there.  Files are given
as name-value pairs of the hash reference passed as the argument.  The
name is used as file name in the directory.  It may be any string that
can be interpreted by L<Path::Class> and the local file system in use
(and operating system) - that is, the name can contain directory
component.  Please take care that if the I<NAME> contains C<..> the
file might be created outside of the temporary directory created by
the function.  The value is used as the content of the file.  It may
or may not be a utf8-flagged string.  Non-flagged byte strings are
written as bytes and flagged character strings are written as utf8
bytes.  The method returns a L<Path::Class> object that represents the
temporary directory created by the function.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Path::Class>, C<File::Temp>.

=head1 HISTORY

=over 4

=item 1.0 (2010-10-07)

First version.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Wakaba (id:wakabatan) <wakabatan@hatena.ne.jp>

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright 2010 Hatena <http://www.hatena.ne.jp/>

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
